Navdeep Virdi
166485193
February 7th, 2021

Reflection
	This workshop was for me the most difficult out of the three that I did. There were many reasons for that but I
would say one that was somewhat hard was using two header files and creating two modules and using both of the modules
to be used in the main function. For me, the most difficult situation was using standard library facilities for formatting
input and output. I would say the most difficult would be using <iomanip> because it was so new to me. In class, we - as in
the whole class - were told to reflect on the learning outcomes and the issues and difficulty that were presented. 
  For this part, I decided to <iomanip> which is used for formatting. This was used for the void display() function and 
this was a hassle to understand. This for me was one the hardest stuff I used because it took me forever to understand what
in the world was going on and how it would even work. To overcome this, I did a bunch of research on how it works, the functions
and everything. Even though I did all that there were still some issues when it came to using those function such as set fill
because I did not know where and what variables or functions would be used. After a bunch of trying I finally ended up with my 
display function working and once I did get it to work, it clicked and was used in the footer(), Title() and more. I would personally
say that starting the DIY was also as complicated to me. I was able to again figure out the functions but the use of <iomanip> was such
a struggle again but then again I got it to work. 
	Although this was a struggle when it came to the using standard library facilities, I do not regret learning it because
it did make it much simpler to just add in the number of spaces we need instead of just manually typing them up. The definition of a
class was very simple and privatize data was not very hard either. We had a “public:” so all the public data and functions were underneath
it. When looking at the learning outcomes the “instantiate an object of class type” was not as hard as it sounds either. Accessing data from
a public function was okay too but I would not say easy because from some reason I was not able to process what was being asked. Standard
library to format data was probably the hardest out of all and this made this whole workshop stand out because of the struggle to understand
what <iomanip> does and its functions. The learning experience came through with this workshop though. I got to learn a new standard library
and I am defiantly going to work on using it a lot more in other workshops too. 
